src/content/projects/friendship.md, before:

---
order: 2
title: Friendship
description: Friendship is a website where you can match with people that have the same interests, it is a fully working web-application where you can register, and match with users. Friendship automatically suggests other people based different aspects.
timestamp: 1586685600
repo: https://github.com/BVictorB/friendship
tech: Html, Sass, JavaScript, NodeJS, MongoDB
---

"Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?"

Commit message:

added a lot of content and improved mobile nav

src/content/projects/friendship.md, after:

---
order: 2
title: Friendship
description: Friendship is a website where you can match with people that have the same interests, it is a fully working web-application where you can register, and match with users. Friendship automatically suggests other people based different aspects.
timestamp: 1586685600
repo: https://github.com/BVictorB/friendship
tech: Html, Sass, JavaScript, NodeJS, MongoDB
---

This project was created in a team with two other students for the final assignment of the Blok-tech course. The goal was to produce a fully working full-stack web-application where people can sign up, log in and match with each other. I was mainly focussing on the code, while the other students mainly did the design. The sign up system is quite cool in my opinion, I added great client-side validation with RegEx, server-side validation with a Mongoose Schema (also with RegEx), password hashing with bcrypt and email address verification with Nodemailer. You can also upload profile pictures, we have implemented this using the Multer dependency.  
&nbsp;  
This was the first project for me where I had to work with NodeJS (and every dependency that we have used in this project), and also the first time that I worked with a database. It was a very learning experience, with a great result.
