src/content/projects/parking-in-amsterdam.md, before:

---
order: 8
title: Parking in Amsterdam
description: A data visualization about parking in Amsterdam. You can compare parking garages with each other or with districts in this web-application.
timestamp: 1604228400
repo: https://github.com/BVictorB/frontend-applications
live: https://bvictorb-garage.netlify.app/
tech: Html, Sass, JavaScript, React, D3
---

"Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?"

Commit message:

improved code quality and added featured items to homepage

src/content/projects/parking-in-amsterdam.md, after:

---
order: 8
title: Parking in Amsterdam
description: A data visualization about parking in Amsterdam. You can compare parking garages with each other or with districts in this web-application.
timestamp: 1604228400
repo: https://github.com/BVictorB/frontend-applications
live: https://bvictorb-garage.netlify.app/
tech: Html, Sass, JavaScript, React, D3
---

This is the last course of the three courses (functional programming, frontend data and frontend applications) for this project. In this course we started working with frontend frameworks (in my case React). I continued working on the data visualization but made everything work properly with states and everything in React. Working with React was new for me, but it did not take long to understand it. It made me very productive, and it was a lot easier to achieve the same results as before, but with less code.  
&nbsp;  
My idea for this project was to retrieve data from the RDW datasets and from the datasets of the city of Amsterdam to make an interactive map. I wanted to plot out different parking areas on the map, with the different prices that are being used. If I could get the data of the history of these parking prices, I want to be able to scroll through time and see how the prices have changed. I also wanted to plot all the parking garages in Amsterdam on the map, and see when they opened and compare this to the changes in parking prices. And if I have the data for it, I would also like to compare the prices of the parking garages to the prices of parking on the street (also going back in history).  
&nbsp;  
Data Amsterdam did not have the data that I needed to accomplish the concept I had in mind. So I created a map where you can compare parking garages with each other and with parking areas in Amsterdam.
